fix: update contributing guide (#888)
iresty/iresty.github.io: website/docs/general/contributor-guide.md

description: This article is a set of guidelines for Apache APISIX contributors, including things that a contributor can do and how to do it well.
---

> Please follow this guide to [report bugs](#submit-an-issue), [submit suggestions](#submit-an-issue), or [submit PRs](#submit-pr).

Reviewer: The in-page link works when the link fits the section title. Would be nice to update both of them.
```suggestion
Please follow this guide to [report bugs](#submitting-an-issue), [submit suggestions](#submitting-an-issue), or [submit PRs](#open-a-pull-request).
```

Author: Aaah, the AI autocomplete messed up! Will make these changes.

## Submitting an Issue

Before submitting an issue, try solving the problem through a comprehensive search.

> [Open issues](https://github.com/apache/apisix/issues) and the [discussions forum](https://github.com/apache/apisix/discussions) are good places to search for solutions before opening an issue.

Reviewer 2: Only `discussions` or `discussion forums` will be better choice of words. Not a major issue though. May leave as it is.

Author: I used "discussions forum" as GitHub calls it "Discussions" and to make it clear that we mean the forum.

> 1. Check the [open issues](https://github.com/apache/apisix/issues) to avoid duplication.

Reviewer 2: This step can be combined with the last paragraph.

Author: My thought was to add this as a step to force that it is intended to be followed. It was a step previously and I thought it would be better to not change it. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Ok, now it seems good to me :)

2. Create a [new issue](https://github.com/apache/apisix/issues/new/choose) and choose the type of issue.

3. Define the issue with a clear and descriptive title.

4. Fill in necessary information according to the template.

> 5. Choose proper label(s) after opening the issue.

Reviewer: I asked other contributors to mock the process of opening an issue. It turns out that contributors are not able to change/select the labels by their own. I would suggest to delete this step for now.

We would definitely need to figure out the grainarities, accesses, and responsibilities here.
```suggestion

```

Author: Yes. I also thought so. Thank you for clarifying. Ultimately, we would want to have multiple templates and the templates should handle the labelling with minimal manual labelling from the maintainers.

6. Engage in the discussions in the issue and provide more information if necessary.

## Choosing an Issue to Work On

You can also contribute by fixing one of the [open issues](https://github.com/apache/apisix/issues).

> 1. Once you have chosen an issue to work on or [opened a new issue](#submitting-an-issue), indicate that you would like to work on it by adding a comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once you have chosen an issue to work on or [opened a new issue](#submitting-an-issue), please comment under the issue and ask a [Committer or PMC](/team) to assign it to you. Or you can claim the issue when you create it.
```

2. Please check to see if the issue is already being worked on and indicate when you will be able to complete it.

> 3. Connect with a [mentor](/team) for providing feedback on your issue and reviewing your PR.

Reviewer: Committer or PMC would be more accurate IMHO.
```suggestion
3. Connect with a [Committer or PMC](/team) for providing feedback on your issue and reviewing your PR.
```

- [Apache APISIX® Java Plugin Runner](https://github.com/apache/apisix-java-plugin-runner/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
- [Apache APISIX® Go Plugin Runner](https://github.com/apache/apisix-go-plugin-runner/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

## Git Flow

To contribute code or documentation, setup your local machine for development.

### Fork the repo and clone your fork

Fork the [Apache APISIX repo](https://github.com/apache/apisix/) and clone your fork to your local machine.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/your-username/apisix.git
```

> ### Add 'upstream' repo to list of remotes

Reviewer 2: If we are using forked repo then the upstream will be set already. It would be good to write about check and add.

```sh
git remote add upstream https://github.com/apache/apisix.git
```

You can then verify the configured remotes.

```sh
git remote -v
```

Learn more about Git and GitHub flow by following the [GitHub Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo).

> **Note**: Setup your username and email address to make sure that your ID shows up in the contributor list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: Setup your name and email address to make sure that your ID shows up in the contributor list.
```

```sh

> git config --global user.name "username"
> git config --global user.email "mail address"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
git config --global user.name "full name"
git config --global user.email "mail address"
```
It is a bad practice to use the GitHub username in the git config. You should always use your full name and the mail address tied to your GitHub account or any other service you might be using. It is the email that connects the commits to a contributor, not the username.

```

### Create your branch

> To keep your local fork up to date, fetch and merge the upstream remote.

Reviewer 2: Direct merge can introduce extra merge commits in your pull request if it cannot be fast-forwarded. A better and preferred way is to always rebase the pull request branch against the `upstream/main`. If not rebased successfully it will show conflicts. Solve the conflicts and then continue with rebase. This method also ensures less work for the developer merging the PR.

Author: I agree. My usual flow is that before I create a feature branch, I fetch the upstream/master and merge it with my local master and push it to origin. Once my local master and upstream master is same, I create a feature branch. Then, while working on the feature branch, I rebase it with upstream/master to make sure that there aren't any conflicts and I am working on top of the latest changes.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that is nice too, we just have to make sure not to introduce unnecessary commits, whatever serves that is fine.

```sh
git fetch upstream
git checkout master

> git merge upstream/master

Reviewer 2: Please change as suggested above, do ask if you need help.
